Add `how-to` guides (#1435)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/get-started/how-to-guides/ai-code-generation.md

> # AI Code Generation

Reviewer: Suggestion : Isn't it better to change this as AI Integration Generation since focus is on genrating integrations with AI?

Did you know that the WSO2 Micro Integrator component of WSO2 Integrator includes an AI-powered assistant to help you effortlessly generate integration flows?

> In this guide, We are generating an API to retrieve weather information for a specified city and send it via email to a designated recipient.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this guide, we are generating an API to retrieve weather information for a specified city and send it via email to a designated recipient.
```

Author: Fixed with b420ab6

3. Click on the **Generate** button and wait for the MI copilot to generate the relevant synapse configurations which are required to work the scenario.

    <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/how-to-guides/ai-code-gen/ai-code-gen-generate-btn.png"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/how-to-guides/ai-code-gen/ai-code-gen-generate-btn.png" alt="generate code" width="80%"></a>

4. Once the configurations are generated add them to the project using the **Add to Project** button which is in line with the artifact name.

    <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/how-to-guides/ai-code-gen/ai-code-gen-add-artifacts.png"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/how-to-guides/ai-code-gen/ai-code-gen-add-artifacts.png" alt="add artifacts" width="80%"></a>

> 

Reviewer: Suggestion: Adding a screenshot of generated API integration flow after adding all artifacts will deliver a clear view for the user.

Reviewer: And also it's better to add a note highlighting the view user can differ from ours since it is AI generated. Example case is AI may generate seperate sequences for Weather API calls and sending Email.

Author: Fixed with b420ab6

                        <forceHttp10>false</forceHttp10>
                        <noKeepAlive>false</noKeepAlive>
                        <responseVariable>http_get_2</responseVariable>
                        <overwriteBody>true</overwriteBody>
                    </http.get>
                    <email.send configKey="EMAIL_CONN">
                        <from>weather@example.com</from>
                        <personalName></personalName>
                        <to>{${params.queryParams.email}}</to>
                        <cc></cc>
                        <bcc></bcc>
                        <replyTo></replyTo>
                        <subject>Weather Update</subject>
                        <content>{${payload}}</content>
                        <contentType>text/html</contentType>
                        <encoding>UTF-8</encoding>
                        <attachments></attachments>
                        <inlineImages>[]</inlineImages>
                        <contentTransferEncoding>Base64</contentTransferEncoding>
                    </email.send>
                    <respond/>
                </inSequence>
            </resource>
        </api>
        ```

>     ??? "Email Connection"

Reviewer: Suggestion: Since we are highly promoting low code development without giving xml syntax directly better to give UI form screenshot by blurring out sensitive information like username and passwords. Consider this for all local entries and HTTP endpoints.

Author: Fixed with b420ab6

        <localEntry key="EMAIL_CONN" xmlns="http://ws.apache.org/ns/synapse">
            <email.init>
                <connectionType>SMTPS</connectionType>
                <host>smtp.gmail.com</host>
                <port>465</port>
                <username>REPLACE</username>
                <password>REPLACE</password>
                <name>EMAIL_CONN</name>
            </email.init>
        </localEntry>
        ```
    
    ??? "HTTP Connection"
        ```yaml
        <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
        <localEntry key="OpenWeather" xmlns="http://ws.apache.org/ns/synapse">
            <http.init>
                <connectionType>HTTPS</connectionType>
                <baseUrl>https://api.openweathermap.org/</baseUrl>
                <authType>None</authType>
                <timeoutAction>Never</timeoutAction>
                <retryCount>0</retryCount>
                <retryDelay>0</retryDelay>
                <suspendInitialDuration>-1</suspendInitialDuration>
                <suspendProgressionFactor>1</suspendProgressionFactor>
                <name>OpenWeather</name>
            </http.init>
        </localEntry>
        ```

    !!! Note

>         After adding the synapse configurations to the project, make sure to update the email connection with the credentials of the sender’s email account and update the relevant synapse configurations (API or sequence based on the configurations generated by MI Copilot) with the OpenWeather key obtained to retrieve the weather data.

Reviewer: Better to reformat this as follows for clear understanding.

After adding the synapse artifacts to the project, make sure to update the synapse configurations as follows.
- update email connection with the credentials of the sender’s email account 
- update the API or sequence based on the configurations generated by MI Copilot with the OpenWeather key obtained to retrieve the weather data.

Author: Fixed with b420ab6

> # AI Integration Generation

Reviewer 3: Should we rename the title for clarity? suggestion : `Generate integrations using AI`?

Author: Fixed with 26b89fe

Did you know that the WSO2 Micro Integrator component of WSO2 Integrator includes an AI-powered assistant to help you effortlessly generate integration flows?
In this guide, we are generating an API to retrieve weather information for a specified city and send it via email to a designated recipient.

## Let's get started!

### Prerequisites

You need Visual Studio Code (VS Code) with the <a target="_blank" href="https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=WSO2.micro-integrator">Micro Integrator for VS Code</a> extension installed.

!!! Info
    See the [Install Micro Integrator for VS Code]({{base_path}}/develop/mi-for-vscode/install-wso2-mi-for-vscode) documentation to learn how to install Micro Integrator for VS Code.

### Step 1: Create an integration project

{!includes/create-new-project.md!}

> 4. In the **Project Creation Form**, enter `AICodeDemo` as the **Project Name**.

Reviewer 3: Why this is numbered as 4?

Author: First 3 steps are added by the include `create-new-project.md`.

Reviewer 3: Ack.

6. Click **Create**.

You will now see the projects listed in the **Project Explorer**.

### Step 2: Setup MI Copilot

1. Click on the **Open AI Panel** button in the top left corner.

    <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/how-to-guides/ai-code-gen/ai-code-gen-open-ai-panel.png"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/how-to-guides/ai-code-gen/ai-code-gen-open-ai-panel.png" alt="open ai panel" width="80%"></a>

2. Sign in to MI Copilot via the MI extension.

    <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/how-to-guides/ai-code-gen/ai-code-gen-sign-in-ai.png"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/how-to-guides/ai-code-gen/ai-code-gen-sign-in-ai.png" alt="sign in to mi copilot" width="80%"></a>

### Step 3: Generate the mediation using MI Copilot

1. Describe the scenario that you need to generate the integration.
    
    ??? "Example Prompt"
        ```
        Generate a service to fetch weather data from a city name and email the weather details to the given email in the request. Refer to the attached OpenAPI Specifications for more details about the geolocation endpoint and weather endpoint.
        ```

> 2. Add any supporting files which are required to generate this integration such as OpenAPI specifications, schemas, etc. by clicking on the **Add Files** <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/how-to-guides/ai-code-gen/ai-code-gen-attach-files-btn.png"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/how-to-guides/ai-code-gen/ai-code-gen-attach-files-btn.png" alt="attach files" width="30px"></a> button. In this guide, we are using the [GeoLocationOAS.yaml]({{base_path}}/assets/attachments/quick-start-guide/how-to-guides/ai-code-gen/GeoLocationOAS.yaml) and [OpenWeatherOAS.yaml]({{base_path}}/assets/attachments/quick-start-guide/how-to-guides/ai-code-gen/OpenWeatherOAS.yaml) OpenAPI specifications.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Add any supporting files which are required to generate this integration, such as OpenAPI specifications, schemas, etc., by clicking on the **Add Files** <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/how-to-guides/ai-code-gen/ai-code-gen-attach-files-btn.png"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/how-to-guides/ai-code-gen/ai-code-gen-attach-files-btn.png" alt="attach files" width="30px"></a> button. In this guide, we are using the [GeoLocationOAS.yaml]({{base_path}}/assets/attachments/quick-start-guide/how-to-guides/ai-code-gen/GeoLocationOAS.yaml) and [OpenWeatherOAS.yaml]({{base_path}}/assets/attachments/quick-start-guide/how-to-guides/ai-code-gen/OpenWeatherOAS.yaml) OpenAPI specifications.
```

Author: Fixed with 26b89fe

> 3. Click on the **Generate** button and wait for the MI copilot to generate the relevant synapse configurations which are required to work the scenario.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. Click on the **Generate** button and wait for the MI copilot to generate the necessary synapse configurations to work the scenario.
```

Author: Fixed with 26b89fe

    <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/how-to-guides/ai-code-gen/ai-code-gen-generate-btn.png"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/how-to-guides/ai-code-gen/ai-code-gen-generate-btn.png" alt="generate code" width="80%"></a>

> 4. Once the configurations are generated add them to the project using the **Add to Project** button which is in line with the artifact name.

Author: Fixed with 26b89fe

    <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/how-to-guides/ai-code-gen/ai-code-gen-add-artifacts.png"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/how-to-guides/ai-code-gen/ai-code-gen-add-artifacts.png" alt="add artifacts" width="80%"></a>

    The API will resemble the following structure once all the generated artifacts have been added.

    !!! Note 

>         The generated view may differ from ours, as AI-generated designs can vary. For example, AI may create separate sequences for the Weather API calls and email operation.

Reviewer 3: Should this be `email operations`?

		    
        === "Source View"
            ```yaml
            <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
            <localEntry key="OpenWeather" xmlns="http://ws.apache.org/ns/synapse">
                <http.init>
                    <connectionType>HTTPS</connectionType>
                    <baseUrl>https://api.openweathermap.org/</baseUrl>
                    <authType>None</authType>
                    <timeoutAction>Never</timeoutAction>
                    <retryCount>0</retryCount>
                    <retryDelay>0</retryDelay>
                    <suspendInitialDuration>-1</suspendInitialDuration>
                    <suspendProgressionFactor>1</suspendProgressionFactor>
                    <name>OpenWeather</name>
                </http.init>
            </localEntry>
            ```

    !!! Note
        After adding the synapse artifacts to the project, make sure to update the synapse configurations as follows,

>           - Update email connection with the credentials of the sender’s email account.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
          - Update the email connection with the credentials of the sender’s email account.
```

Author: Fixed with 26b89fe

          - Update the `API_KEY` variable with the OpenWeather key obtained to retrieve the weather data.

> ### Step 4: Build and Run

Author: Fixed with 26b89fe

1. Click on the **Build and Run** button to build and deploy the integration.

    <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/how-to-guides/ai-code-gen/ai-code-gen-run-btn.png"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/how-to-guides/ai-code-gen/ai-code-gen-run-btn.png" alt="build and run" width="80%"></a>

> 2. **Runtime Services** will open after the server is up and running and from that panel select the API that you need to try out using the **Try It** button.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. **Runtime Services** will open after the server is up and running, and from that panel, select the API that you need to try out using the **Try It** button.
```

Author: Fixed with 26b89fe
